elona
me
Today is a deity very low tension yes
I would like to talk to you three times meeting results
It is said that correspondence to a chat present customer First we send the first meeting result
Oh yeah
Playing in Akihabara on Sunday Akihabara with about 5-8 people who would like Mrs. Ema Kurata Mr. Komatsu Mr. Sato
In and I came
But there was a non- official tournament , so it came out in the place of offering but it seems
As a result of being out of the first round all except Sato
Roast Well
No longer strike defeated in relation to me and Magna's
My partner was Nepros, originally at the booth
I'm yes because it was a human being who never filled it
Shape
Hey hey
I felt a little like a train that I felt my ignorance
By the way, it's no good to change
I'm thinking I always make it a deck I introduce it I don't have a month
Of course I'd
Replace but is the season the contents that can be from there roughly made just under 10 pieces of 150,000 yen or more
I do not pod I mean magic trap about five pieces of chocolate place
Ijiri 昏玉
Nde not a little tampered I'd be in
Face down thinking in good Kana tint if Katere in satisfaction Well have a statement to make Te
Hmm
Spring and a little Negro performance I feel the limit at the tournament Tsume a little this already
In the place called Na useless unless renewed all
Yes, it will change the direction of Well train
The numbers are the contents of the Ginkgo this time or the fixing router but the point is this
That's why
Hey, that really Korekore Nde most beautiful theme sleeping in 9 aircraft
It 's not an exaggeration to say that it is the most traumatic
Aren't
I'm being honest soooo so stand sleeping & match's fruit
It's a little bit this time
If it is super-promising even if it is one chan Nekuro if this Marilis can be put out
Fusatsu Well Do Well become somehow if Urasa take a Shekinah image Now that I'm Ares
Nde it has teamed up that Do
How many pieces of the balls are scattered , so I can't help but this one
I would like to in the future doing as trying train
Environment not help 1 water Oh fire to 3 Nde often excluded based Nde many bed connoisseur
Seed
Te district and the line format of Himoringu tournament with nitrous to me is garbage
To Fire hand City Aizu clan degree
10 remodeling cars
Buber This is a tea
Castel Gau
Everyone ended up flying
I went shopping
There that was looking for a place you can do with deficiencies Advent stable've increased buying in Minna
Other your three sides Well big Benkei
Both in and add me minus the ones that do not need something 招福Toka euro issuing Te Deruta
I wonder if did not go to buy any time without looking by Castel del
I had match Tara Soredakeni
Is important to the commander that won when partnering deck of commentary when the prima facie Netsugi No. 4 trouble Well 4
I'm thinking something about it
Hm, that's 8 sounds
As there was expression Nagano hotel in Zaurus, we bought for having to take train
It costs 12,180 yen like it took
Well Niitsu Mukayama-to-do you honestly are worried it because there were two each in the order I bought two
Was
so
Donut group is from such a place against the typhoon and Tatsuda ass early third for present 100
It is correspondence
Well
As of May 25th, the number tag made by the number tag is about 800 or so
Beneath it disappears appearance of the all
I did not think that the sound would come until I put it
Yes Yes
First, have thought to think in one bite of calculation about large theme 700 people is one person two-necked say Ginza
I'd leave the Fu it 's such I think we would go to another almost 5000 in one week
Yes number
Hey hey
Nde this week get full by settlement number ticket fine on Saturday a little reception of e-mail to it
I wanted until June 2 to a blunder will have but is much less relates to reply
Please note that there may be a delay
I'm busy body is also very
Thank you for your understanding and cooperation in that area
Yes
Also for it to the Plains yourself the way Sky little Well then familiar and center total
Happiness and a little opening in the 2 bullets after presents to the government
Thank you for your post-processing.